MSC4132: deprecate linking to events in rooms identified by alias (#1823)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/appendices.md

* `r` for room aliases.
* `u` for users.
* `roomid` for room IDs (note the distinction from room aliases).

> * `e` for events, when after a room reference (`roomid`).

Reviewer: The MSC specifically says, of event URIs using room aliases "Clients should ... continue to accept them"... so it seems a bit premature to rip them out here. (Yes, there's an INFO box, but nobody's going to read that.)

Perhaps we could move the INFO boxes right to the bottom of their respective sections, and just say:

```suggestion
* `e` for events, when after a room ID (`roomid`). Use of `e` after a room alias (`r`) is deprecated.
```

`roomid` was otherwise unchanged.
{{% /boxes/note %}}

{{% boxes/note %}}
{{% changed-in v="1.11" %}}

> Referencing event IDs within a room identified by room alias (`r`) rather than room ID

Reviewer: Consider changing this to:

```
{{< changed-in v="1.11" >}} Referencing event IDs within a room identified by room alias (`r`) rather than room ID
```

(note the <> rather than %), which I think will give this whole thing a more compact representation.
